Updating Kyma local installation documents with Kyma CLI (#4117)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/04-12-local-installation-scripts.md

type: Installation
---

> >**CAUTION**: This document is deprecated and will be removed. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally).

Reviewer: Same comment as before

> >**WARNING:** This document will be removed with Kyma release 1.4. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION**: This document is deprecated and will be removed. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally).
```
